CR de ontem:

# Participants

* André
* Felipe
* Pedro
* Gabriel
* Oreste
* M. Kruszewski

# Objectives

* ask about questions outlined in previous meeting

# Meeting

## Information on the system

In theory, the turtle robots are pre-asserved, which is to say a control loops
exist, there should be no need to redesign it, but changing the ros protocol
could interfere with this.

Existing constraints:

* Only one of the turtle robots can move between the two arm robots at a time.
* The turtle robots don't need to avoid any other object than the other turtle
  robot when moving.
* using ros is not obligatory (ros can sometimes be unreliable)
* the solution should be as independant as possible from teh material

There are some existing code bases, but nothing specific to this project. There
is some code for the turtle robot with ros 1 from other projects at centrale and
probably a lot more on the internet.

## Modeling Approach

Start with the context description and use cases of the system. It's also
important to notice that the sysML does NOT consider the following, and these
analysis must be done elsewhere:

* dynamic model
* deadlocks -> petri networks
  The results from these analysis should then appear as constraints in the sysML,
  citing the relevant analysis as justification.

In the justification for the choices made for the implementation of the
solution, the following are valid justifications:

* the members of the team are already confortable with a given technology (saves
  development time)
* the members of the team wish to learn a new technology (so long as it doesn't
  interfere with the final product working )
* it's the easiest way to implement something (saves development time)
  To properly evaluate different strategies, a feasability matrix could be built
  for the most important components outlining:
* expected time development time
* value added
* maintainability
* ...

In regard to validating with a simulation, there are no restrictions on
simulation tools (MATLAB, ROS, or custom frameworks). Some remarks that could
help in the simulation:

* MATLAB’s ability to execute C code (useful for integrating low-level modules
  later).
* There are some simulation software for ros